Website Design Brief / Cole's over the top dreams.
From: Cole Winfield
Sent: 2016.04.17 14:01
To: Insantae Huren,  kalfar,  Toshuu Milia,  

Hi guys, 
Ok first off sorry for this coming so long after I know you have begun work on the website. 
I hope what you have done so far is testing concepts etc and nothing in this mail means you have wasted any time and effort.  
I am also going to say sorry if this mail sounds demanding it’s not meant to. 
Two major factors influence the content of this mail. 
I’ve thought about a corp website for along time and it’s certainly time we had one. 
But, if we are going to have one I think it is vital it looks as professional and as impressive as possible because when recruiting people to the corp we want them to see how professional and organised we are (insert your jokes here) not to mention the effect a impressive looking website will have in our political/diplomatic work (imagine if we want to join or even start an alliance the first port of call would be our website when people check us out. The final factor is Toshuu's fault ( so blame him) pretty much told if you don’t ask you don’t get J so please take this mail as an ideal, a wish for the perfect website in my mind, quite possibly a real challenge good you guys. So here is my vision for the website, a design brief if you like. Ok well let’s start with the overall concept. I really don’t like ‘cluttered’ websites I am much more a fan of a minimalist look. So here is my thinking. The website mirrors a virtual WST space station (with the new citadel’s we could even use a picture of an astrahus as the first page image). When you go to the website you are met by a whole screen image of a spacestation. As you move the mouse over the image two ship entrances on the picture act as the things to click onto to enter. One public entry and one WST entry. Could space ish futuristic writing appear saying what they are, maybe typing the words out? Could a cool female computerised voice say it out loud? For the WST entrance we will need a secure login etc (which I think Kalfar has already worked on and I’ve seen his trial concept which looks really solid to me J) in the public bit we can have a description of our corp we use for recruitment but we make each page a department or room in the space station with a full page of a relevant image, parts of the image act as the menus to click onto other sections, doors noticeboards etc. The Public part could be the stations public office. We could possibly take the images from other games or where possible eve itself. In the WST part we could have lounge area for general chit chat, message boards, pilot info like when the next roams are etc.a hanger area where we can post ship fits doctrines, links to killboards, info on who the top PvP piloits are etc, a factory area for our manufacturing, a market area for corp buying, minerals, pi stuff etc. We could have a password protected Directors offices for Directors to be able the discuss things secretly and possibly also a CEOs office. I hope that makes sense and you can kinda see my vision for it. I hope I have explained it well enough. Let me know how possible/readable this is. Could we also set up a website working g group mail group so we can easily all stay in the loop with this project?
Cole